README.md, before:

# Quest-VTT
**A CC BY 4.0 implementation of the Quest roleplaying system for Foundry Virtual Tabletop**

## What is this?
Quest-VTT is an implementation of The Adventure Guild's [Quest roleplaying system](https://adventure.game/) for Foundry Virtual Tabletop!

Our current release includes:
* Fill-in-the-blank character profiles with built-in d20 rolling (that posts annotated results to chat!)
* HP and Adventure Point trackers
* A sortable 12-slot inventory system
* A flexible Roles and Abilities system for your characters
* When paired with the compendium module (based on content from the [Quest Creators Resource](https://www.adventure.game/creators-license)),
    * _Limited descriptions_ for roles, learning paths, and abilities from the base game

Full descriptions and content from the Quest Game Book are **not included** (see the FAQ below for more details).  Please support The Adventure Guild and consider [purchasing a copy of Quest](https://www.adventure.game/digital-edition) if you like what you see!

## Recommendations for Creating New Content
If you want to create new roles, ability paths, ability effects, or effect roll ranges, I highly recommend doing it in the following order:
1. Create your new role.
2. Create your new ability path
3. Create your new ability effect
4. Create your new effect(s)
5. Create your new effect roll ranges.

Once you have done all of this, move these items into the appropriate compendium. Once in the compendium build the connections, by dragging and dropping the appropriate association. E.g. Roles are associated with paths.

It is also possible to create connections from the default item list; however, I recommend utilizing the compendium method for easier filtering.

## FAQ
*   How do I load the Quest Creators Resource content in to my game?
   **Answer**: We'll be making a compendium module available through Foundry VTT's [module list](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/modules) in the upcoming weeks.
*   Why the complicated system for creating new content?
    **Answer**: I made the decision to allow for the creation of new content via non-coding means. By having the current, more complicated system for creating content, it means that anyone can create new content by using Foundry's _modules_ system.
*   Why are there no descriptions, effect roll ranges, or other content from the Quest Game Book?
    **Answer**: Quest's [Creators License](https://www.adventure.game/creators-license) allows for the basic descriptions provided. If you wish to expand upon what is available for your own personal use, I would highly recommend supporting The Adventure Guild, and purchasing a copy of Quest from their [online store](https://www.adventure.game/store). As of August 2020, The Adventure Guild is currently sold out of physical books, but there's [digital edition](https://www.adventure.game/digital-edition) available in PDF.

## Credits
- upgrade.png (Role Icon) created by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- skills.png (Path Icon) created by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- aura.png (Effect Icon) created by [Lorc](http://lorcblog.blogspot.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- muscle-up.png (Ability Icon) created by [Lorc](http://lorcblog.blogspot.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- dice-fire.png (Macro Icon) created by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

## Additional Legal
This work uses material from the Quest Creators Resource. The Quest Creators Resource by The Adventure Guild, LLC is licensed under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Information regarding the Quest system can be found here: [https://www.adventure.game](https://www.adventure.game)

Quest was created by The Adventure Guild LLC.
Quest is copyrighted (©) to The Adventure Guild LLC, 2019. All rights reserved.

Additional information regarding the Quest Creators' License can be found here:
[https://www.adventure.game/creators-license](https://www.adventure.game/creators-license)

###### Disclaimer of Warranties
The Licensed Material (IE Quest) is provided as-is and as-available. 
The content of this game system for Foundry VTT is also provided as-is and as-available.

Commit message:

Release of V1.0!
Release of V1.0
- Some UI fixes
- Adjusted data scheme with future intentions in mind
- Fixed drag and drop macro creation

README.md, after:

# Quest-VTT
**A CC BY 4.0 implementation of the Quest roleplaying system for Foundry Virtual Tabletop**

## What is this?
Quest-VTT is an implementation of The Adventure Guild's [Quest roleplaying system](https://adventure.game/) for Foundry Virtual Tabletop!

Our current release includes:
* Fill-in-the-blank character profiles with built-in d20 rolling (that posts annotated results to chat!)
* HP and Adventure Point trackers
* A sortable 12-slot inventory system
* A flexible Roles and Abilities system for your characters
* When paired with the compendium module (based on content from the [Quest Creators Resource](https://www.adventure.game/creators-license)),
    * _Limited descriptions_ for roles, learning paths, and abilities from the base game

Full descriptions and content from the Quest Game Book are **not included** (see the FAQ below for more details).  Please support The Adventure Guild and consider [purchasing a copy of Quest](https://www.adventure.game/digital-edition) if you like what you see!

## Creating custom compendiums
If you would like to create your own Foundry compendium for **personal use**, I would recommend doing the following:
1. Create your new compendiums. In order all Quest sheets to find your compendiums, please name them the following:
    - Abilities
    - Paths
    - Roles
2. Create your new ability.
3. Create your new path.
4. Create your new role.
5. Move each item to its appropriate compendium.
6. From the path compendium entry, add abilities to your path.
7. From the role compendium entry, add paths and legendary abilities to your role.

## FAQ
*   How do I load the Quest Creators Resource content in to my game?
   **Answer**: We'll be making a compendium module available through Foundry VTT's [module list](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/modules) in the upcoming weeks.
*   Why the complicated system for creating new content?
    **Answer**: I made the decision to allow for the creation of new content via non-coding means. By having the current, more complicated system for creating content, it means that anyone can create new content by using Foundry's _modules_ system.
*   Why are there no descriptions, effect roll ranges, or other content from the Quest Game Book?
    **Answer**: Quest's [Creators License](https://www.adventure.game/creators-license) allows for the basic descriptions provided. If you wish to expand upon what is available for your own personal use, I would highly recommend supporting The Adventure Guild, and purchasing a copy of Quest from their [online store](https://www.adventure.game/store). As of August 2020, The Adventure Guild is currently sold out of physical books, but there's [digital edition](https://www.adventure.game/digital-edition) available in PDF.

## Credits
- upgrade.png (Role Icon) created by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- skills.png (Path Icon) created by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- aura.png (Effect Icon) created by [Lorc](http://lorcblog.blogspot.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- muscle-up.png (Ability Icon) created by [Lorc](http://lorcblog.blogspot.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- dice-fire.png (Macro Icon) created by [Delapouite](http://delapouite.com/) under [CC BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

## Additional Legal
This work uses material from the Quest Creators Resource. The Quest Creators Resource by The Adventure Guild, LLC is licensed under [CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Information regarding the Quest system can be found here: [https://www.adventure.game](https://www.adventure.game)

Quest was created by The Adventure Guild LLC.
Quest is copyrighted (©) to The Adventure Guild LLC, 2019. All rights reserved.

Additional information regarding the Quest Creators' License can be found here:
[https://www.adventure.game/creators-license](https://www.adventure.game/creators-license)

###### Disclaimer of Warranties
The Licensed Material (IE Quest) is provided as-is and as-available. 
The content of this game system for Foundry VTT is also provided as-is and as-available.
